# Roll call:

## Attending

* Mandy Chessell
* John Mertic
* Cupid Chan
* Andre de Waal
* Arun Nair

## Regrets
* Maryna Strelchuk

## Non-voting observers


# Agenda:

* Project updates
  
  * OpenDS4All - Andre
     
   
  * ODPi BI & AI - Cupid
     
  
  * ODPi Egeria - Mandy and Maryna
     * Release 2.2 branched - but still have issues in containers
     * Team working on the definition of a project level TSC:
        * [Link to proposal](https://github.com/odpi/data-governance/wiki/ODPi-Egeria-Weekly-Meeting-10th-September-2020)
     * *All about graphs* webinar went well
        * [Link to replay](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgeOAJF6jq8&t=4s)
           
* AOB 
  * Additional integration suggestions: Apache Druid - still to look at

----
     


